## Meeting Minutes for Weekly Skype meeting regarding Online Learning Platform
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
### Meeting Attended by:        
Youssef Alamood, Adrian Lungeanu, Ionut Vieru, Tudor Stoica
### Absent from meeting:
none
### Date:
15-02-16 
### Time:
18:00 - 19:00
### Faciliator:
Adrian Lungeanu
### Notes:
We need to create UML diagram.
Project requirements from the technical point of view is going to be done by Tudor and Youssef
Zishan will review the Lynda and will create a swot analysis. Adrian will try to help if necessary
We discuss how to split the work in between us.
We should create two documents. One with books needed for the project and one with books or external links used for the project. Both documents have to be shared on Google drive.
We created a Google Drive folder to be able to share information.
Adrian will create a project time table  (use Google tool - Gantter)
It has been decided that two channels of communications will be used. Facebook for small things and Skype meeting for more elaborated meetings.
It has been decided that the next meeting will be on the 16.02.16 at school.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
### Meeting Attended by: 
Youssef Alamood, Adrian Lungeanu, Ionut Vieru, Tudor Stoica, Åsa Wegelius
### Absent from meeting:
none
### Date:
18-02-16
### Time:
18:00
### Faciliator:
Åsa Wegelius
### Notes:
We need to make a comparison on between apache and tomcat webserver

Adrian writes swat on business side

Youssef write swat on technology site

Adrian makes a crush course on scrum tommorow

Åsa will make budgetery document

Ionut could you make uml diagram for the  the requriments

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Meeting Attended by: 
Adrian Lungeanu, Ionut Vieru, Tudor Stoica, Åsa Wegelius, Clovis Lebret
### Absent from meeting:
none
### Date:
07-03-16
### Time:
21:30-23:00
### Faciliator:
Åsa Wegelius
### Notes:
Tudor and Åsa will rewrite Quality Management Strategy to fit our project

No one will take tasks from the Backlog if they don't intend to make them

If you realize you will not have time to make a task you have taken, return it in time, not the delivery day

We will have a meeting at KEA 08-03-16 to discuss architecture for the Solution Document that shall be delivered 11-03-16.

We will use [Scrummy ](https://scrumy.com/OnlineLearningPlatform) as Scrum board so we can update it  from home.



______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
### Meeting Attended by: 
Adrian Lungeanu, Ionut Vieru, Tudor Stoica, Åsa Wegelius
### Absent from meeting:
Clovis Lebret
### Date:
14-03-16
### Time:
21:10-21:45
### Faciliator:
Åsa Wegelius
### Notes:
* In the PM sprints we have ahead we will implement it so we can work from distance so those not in class can participate. That is, we will have the online scrum board we decided on last meeting and the ones in class will syncronize between the Taskboard in class and the online board.
* We will not have time to implement a service relevant for this project in time for the System Integration assignment. We will therefore treat the assignment as somthing outside this group work where each one decide themselves what they want to deliver and solve the task themselves.
* The presentation in Development of Large Systems will be divided in four parts; Hadoop Common, Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS™), Hadoop YARN and Hadoop MapReduce. We are four that shall do the presentation so each one of us take on part.

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
### Meeting Attended by: 
Adrian Holm, Åsa Wegelius, Clovis Lebret
### Absent from meeting:
Ionut Vieru, Tudor Stoica
### Date:
21.03.16
### Time:
21:10 - 22:00
### Faciliator:
Adrian Holm
### Notes:
* Åsa finished the Database and the Data access objects. She also did the Persistent Objects part :)
* No impediments so far for Åsa and Clovis 
* Clovis will strart coding on the server and he estimates that he will finish by the end of the week
* It has been discused that we might have time to take more for this sprint and it has been decided that we will wait for next week to see how it goes, and then take a decision if we have time for more or not.
* Clovis will contact Tudor and Ionut via facebook in regards to the other project.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Meeting Attended by: 

### Absent from meeting:

### Date:

### Time:

### Faciliator:

### Notes:


______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
### Meeting Attended by: 
Adrian Holm, Åsa Wegelius,, Tudor Stoica

### Absent from meeting:
Ionut Vieru, Clovis Lebret

### Date:
04-04-16
### Time:
21:00 - 22:00

### Faciliator:
Åsa Wegelius

### Notes:
Todays main subjects were the presenation on Hadoop and the Sprint review/retrospective on Friday.

The four persons involved in the Hadoop presentation are Åsa Wegelius, Tudor Stoica, Ionut Vieru, Clovis Lebret.
We decided to make a google slide on google drive where we can put together everyones slides to one slide show.
There are four modules in Hadoop so we decided to present one module each.
Tudor Stoica decided on Hadoop Common and Åsa Wegelius decided on Hadoop Distributed File System. That leaves Yarn and MapReduce for the others to choose from. We will have a meeting online in advance before the presentation. It will have to be online since Tudor Stoika comes home again on 17-04-16 and the presentation is on 18-04-16.

We have a sprint review and retrospective on Friday. We decided that Åsa can develop the user interface if Clovis uploads his work on the services on GitHub. Then we have all parts done for the sprint until then. 

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Meeting Attended by: 
Adrian Holm, Åsa Wegelius, Tudor Stoica, Ionut Vieru, Clovis Lebret

### Absent from meeting:

### Date:
10-04-16

### Time:
21:00 - 22:00

### Faciliator:
Åsa Wegelius

### Notes:
Today's main subjects were having a Sprint Review, Sprint Retrospective and Sprint Planning.

####Sprint Review:
The user story was _As a Student I want to be able to browse courses , So I can find interesting courses_
We demonstrated the Client Interface and the user story was implemented in a satesfactory way. The sprint was closed down.

####Sprint Retrospective:
No one had any complains so far

####Sprint Planning:
Next two user stories was _As a Student I want to be able to choose a course so I can take it_ and _As a Student I want to be able to browse my choosen courses so I can select one to continue with_. We discussed it and to be able to implement it we need to implement a user account and login functions. So we decided those stories would involve enough steps to keep us busy for a sprint.

####Hadoop presentation:
We also discussed the presentation on monday and agreed that all involved should aim for 5 minutes presentation each with the exception of the first person that shall present the group. We shall have a skype meeting on Thursday or Friday to go through the presentation.

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
### Meeting Attended by: 
Adrian Holm, Åsa Wegelius,  Ionut Vieru

### Absent from meeting:
Tudor Stoica, Clovis Lebret

### Date:
18-04-16

### Time:
21:00-21:25

### Faciliator:
Åsa Wegelius

### Notes:
We looked at the change added in the change log about a mobile application prototype and agreed on recomending a HTML5 application if our CIO wants to add Mobile Applications to the project after have seen the prototype. 

We agreed on moving forward with the two-steps authenticator and password encryption we started work on last week. It will provide sufficent security for the kind of application we are working on.

We agreed on deploying the application on Åsa Wegelius private server and have a backup on her web hotel. 

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
### Meeting Attended by: 
Adrian Holm, Åsa Wegelius,  Ionut Vieru, Tudor Stoica, Clovis Lebret

### Absent from meeting:

### Date:
25-04-2016

### Time:
21:00-21:30

### Faciliator:
Åsa Wegelius

### Notes:
We discussed with the Product Owner what could be put back to the backlog due to time issues and agreed on that the user account management page could be implemented later.

Next week plans:

- Adrian Holm will update the scrum board and burndown chart at KEA and finish the Business Case document
- Ionut Vieru will update the documents according to the comments we got about them
- Tudor Stoica will add Test Cases
- Clovis Lebret will take care of what we talked about some time ago
- Åsa Wegelius will continue on the tasks in the sprint backlog

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
### Meeting Attended by: 
Åsa Wegelius, Tudor Stoica, Clovis Lebret

### Absent from meeting:
Adrian Holm, Ionut Vieru

### Date:
02-05-16

### Time:
21:00 - 22:00

### Faciliator:
Åsa Wegelius

### Notes:
- Tudor Stoica will work on the test cases and other tests needed 
- Clovis Lebret will update the documents
- Åsa Wegelius will continue on verification/authentication in the project
- All will look into scaling and integration of the system
- We will have a Skype-meeting tomorrow 21:00 when all have looked up on the exam requirements

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
### Meeting Attended by: 
Åsa Wegelius, Tudor Stoica, Clovis Lebret

### Absent from meeting:
Adrian Holm, Ionut Vieru

### Date:
09-05-16

### Time:
21:00 - 22:00

### Faciliator:
Åsa Wegelius

### Notes:
#### What we have done:
- Tudor Stoica have been working on the test cases and will upload them later this week when he has finish them.
- Clovis Lebret have updated the Solution Document according to the comments we got last time we handed them in.
- Åsa Wegelius have implemented login/register/verify email/logout. 

#### What we will do:
- Tudor Stoica will continue to work on test cases and JMeter
- Clovis Lebret will take tasks from Scrummy to implement
- Åsa Wegelius will take tasks from Scrummy to implement
- Åsa Wegelius will install Teamviewer on the server so those not in Denmark can participate when we deploy the application next week

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
### Meeting Attended by: 
Åsa Wegelius, Clovis Lebret, Adrian Holm, Ionut Vieru

### Absent from meeting:
Tudor Stoica

### Date:
16-05-16

### Time:
21:00-12:45

### Faciliator:
Åsa Wegelius

### Notes:
#### What we have done
- Clovis Lebret have added browse and add playlist function on the client
- Åsa Wegelius are working on the course info page on the client
- Åsa Wegelius have worked on the documents OperationDocument, PMReport, TestDocument and SystemIntegrationReport

#### What we will do:
- Ionut Vieru will work on the reports
- Adrian Holm will work on the reports and finish the burndown charts for the sprints
- Clovis Lebred will add two factor authentication with Google Authenticator to the client
- Åsa will finish the work on the course info page in the client
- Åsa will deploy the application on the server with master-slave MySQL and loadbalancer for the jersey services on thursday and friday. She will add time and address on facebook for those that want to join, and share the screen on skype for those that want to watch



______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
### Meeting Attended by: 

### Absent from meeting:

### Date:

### Time:

### Faciliator:

### Notes:

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
### Meeting Attended by: 

### Absent from meeting:

### Date:

### Time:

### Faciliator:

### Notes:

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________



